This Python application is a web scraper that extracts data from a website and stores it in a database and a Redis cache. It uses the Playwright library for browser automation and SQLAlchemy for interacting with the database. The application is designed to be robust and efficient, with features like error handling, retries, and asynchronous programming.

Here's a high-level overview of what the application does:

Initialization: The application sets up logging, creates a Redis cache, and initializes a Playwright browser instance.

Scraping: The main scraping logic is encapsulated in the CustomScraper class. This class has methods for safely getting attributes and inner text from HTML elements, extracting data from a specific URL, fetching a URL with retries, and extracting links from a page.

Data Extraction: The scraper navigates to each tool URL and extracts the tool's name, pricing model, description, additional information, and final URL. It also handles navigation errors and retries failed navigations.

Data Processing: The extracted data is processed and stored in a ToolTable object, which is then added to the database session. The application also checks if the tool data already exists in the Redis cache before processing it.

Data Storage: The application commits the changes to the database and stores the tool data in the Redis cache. It also handles database errors and rolls back the session if necessary.

Concurrency: The application uses asyncio to perform multiple tasks concurrently. This includes fetching URLs, extracting data, and storing data in the database and cache.

Error Handling: The application has extensive error handling to deal with issues like navigation errors, extraction errors, and database errors. It logs these errors and retries failed operations where appropriate.

This application is ideal for scraping and storing data from a website in a structured format. It's designed to be robust, efficient, and easy to extend with additional functionality.

Dockerfile included, you need to export the following or use .env:

export DATABASE_URL="postgresql+asyncpg://username:password@localhost/postgres"

export REDIS_URL="redis://localhost"

export URL_TO_SCRAP="SITE TO SCRAP"

export IP_ADDRESSES="127.0.0.1,..."